Are you teaching me how to do something?
I dare not
Miki
Do you remember when you first came to our house?
Did I tell you anything?
Wow
Omg, how much does such a big house cost?
You must be the new nanny
Hello, madam.
My name is Jin Meiqi
Just entered the city today.
I can't see with my eyes.
Listen to the voice, you should be a responsible person
Did Butler Chen tell you about the salary?
No salary
Just eat and live
Work as a servant in our next house
You won't lose a penny of your salary.
Start today.
I will treat you as family
I hope you don't let me down.
Don't worry, madam.
I won't let you down.
Well, Miki, you won't let me down, will you?
Okay, let's go down first
We will visit Butler Chen tomorrow.